well there would be nobody would believe
me what I've seen if I don't tell
somebody so I think well I'll go down to
the police station and to see if there
could see anything like Easter town I
guess mr. Summerfield I reach back in
the car picked up my radio to tell
CENTCOM where it was and so forth and
when I looked up again which is face
punch every three seconds it was already
over Shiloh which is about six or seven
miles to the south and west right here
east olive and avenue and right in this
field is where i observed it bangkok
people it was like just within the snap
of the finger it was way down you know
way down the other side of town and it
is amazing no not assigned at all none
whatsoever so I hopped out of my control
bar once the rear trunk grab the
Polaroid snapped a quick picture of it
as it headed to the north what does it
look like to you this object was above
me about priority it was huge it's like
it tried to camouflage itself against
the night sky like it was trying to
project the star field above it on the
on the underside the dispatcher coming
back again we know if I still seen the
object I said yes and she said it
Lambert airports on the phone there's
nothing in the area around you